Collect leader rewards (#384)
status-im/ift-docs: docs/blockchain/node-app/claim-leader-rewards-in-logos-blockchain-ui-app.md

- A wallet key that can receive leader reward claims

## What to expect

- You can view available reward vouchers in **Leader Rewards** and claim one with a single button press.
- You can verify the claim by matching the transaction hash in the block list and confirming the reward account balance has increased.

## Claim a reward voucher

Check the account balance before claiming, submit a claim, then confirm the transaction and balance update.

1. In **Operations**, open **Accounts** and click **Refresh** to load the current wallet state.

   ![Check accounts](./claim-leader-rewards-in-logos-blockchain-ui-app/04-accounts-before-claim.png)

   - Note the balance of the account that will receive the reward before claiming.

1. In **Operations**, open **Leader Rewards**.

   ![Claimable vouchers](./claim-leader-rewards-in-logos-blockchain-ui-app/05-claimable-vouchers.png)

   - The panel shows the number of available claimable vouchers, the tip used for the query, and voucher details including `cm` and `nf` values.

   {% hint style="info" %}
   If the voucher count shows `0`, wait for more blocks and refresh the **Leader Rewards** panel before proceeding.

>    {% endhint %}
> 
> 1. Click **Claim**.
> 
>    - The UI displays a transaction hash. Note this hash to confirm inclusion in the next step.

Reviewer: **Unused screenshot — `06-claim-submitted.png` is committed but never referenced.**

This PR adds `06-claim-submitted.png` (a valid 260 KB image) to the asset folder, but the doc references only `04`, `05`, `07`, and `08`. The gap in the numbering lines up exactly with this step (`06` sits between the `05-claimable-vouchers` shot in step 2 and the `07-claim-tx-in-block` shot in step 4), so the screenshot for "Click **Claim**" appears to have been dropped. Every other step in this procedure shows its screenshot right after the numbered line; this is the one step without one.

Adding it here keeps the visual walkthrough consistent and stops the asset from being dead weight:

```suggestion
1. Click **Claim**.

   ![Claim submitted](./claim-leader-rewards-in-logos-blockchain-ui-app/06-claim-submitted.png)

   - The UI displays a transaction hash. Note this hash to confirm inclusion in the next step.
```
